第一次先搭建环境挂VPN
在搭建文件里面
cd 蓝桉
chmod +x script/A
chmod +x setup
./setup
下一次输入
cd 蓝桉
chmod +x script/A
./蓝桉
要解包的和平pak在/storage/emulated/0/Download/蓝桉/Paks
要解包打包pubgpak/storage/emulated/0/Download/蓝桉/pubgpak

音乐自己去下载mp3格式的路径
/storage/emulated/0/Download/蓝桉/音乐

环境
pkg update
pkg upgrade 
termux-setup-storage
pkg install git
pkg install python
pip install pyyaml
pip install tqdm
pkg install qemu-user-i386 -y
pkg install ruby
gem install lolcat
pkg install figlet
pip install pyyaml
pkg update && pkg upgrade

pip install pyyaml

pkg install python-pip
pkg install python-pip
pip install tqdm



权限
chmod +x 蓝桉
chmod +x script/pubg功能
chmod +x script/和平精英功能
chmod +x script/自动美化
chmod +x script/quickbms
chmod +x script/1
chmod +x script/LA3
chmod +x script/map.bms
chmod +x script/非
chmod +x script/块
chmod +x script/解包.bms
chmod +x script/打包.bms
chmod +x script/repack
chmod +x script/120
chmod +x script/unlock
chmod +x script/LA6.py
chmod +x script/LA7.py
chmod +x script/LA8.py
chmod +x script/LA9.py
chmod +x script/LA2.py
chmod +x script/LA.py
chmod +x script/LA4.py
chmod +x script/LA5.py
chmod +x script/LA10.py
chmod +x script/LA11.py
chmod +x script/LA1
chmod +x script/做广角模板
bash 授权777.sh